[THEME MUSIC]
>> EMERY SMITH: Today on Cosmic
Disclosure, we are with Tim,
who is speaking with
us from Germany.
Tim is a tactical advisor in
the covert governance in Germany
that's related to
extraterrestrial life.
Tim, welcome to the show.
>> TIM: Thank you
again for having me.
>> EMERY: Tim, what
is Project Cassiopeia?
>> TIM: We have to go back to
the fact that the human race,
Homo sapiens, are not the only
Homo sapiens in the universe.
We actually have to
deal with the situation
that Homo sapiens originated
on a different planet.
Well, the ancestors originated
on a different planet,
came here, but also
founded civilizations
all across different
other solar systems.
And while we know that
especially the US military,
advanced military
planned and executed
missions that went
into the solar system
since 1980s but also
beyond this solar system,
they have found different other
planets and surprisingly found
beings that looked
very much like humans
and indeed were humans.
>> EMERY: Before we explore
Cassiopeia and the beings that
are there, how are humans
received when we enter the air
space and finally have
contact with other humanoid
extraterrestrials?
>> TIM: Oh, that very much
depends on the subjective
perception and opinion
of different species.
So I would say that
everything that
is very closely
related to humans
tends to be happy about it
because it's like almost
like a family
reunion in that way.
And it's because there are
so many very exotic life
forms that are--
and some of them
are really, really
incomprehensible in that way.
You cannot understand
their feelings,
their agendas because agenda
is something that is really
important to humans in order
to make sense of their reality.
And finding another
tribe or another species
that is very closely related to
yourself is somewhat relieving.
>> EMERY: So this force
that went out in the 1980s
in exploration of life like
us then came across humanoid
beings in the Cassiopeia
Constellation?
>> TIM: Yes, that is true.
So they found different other
humanoid or human civilizations
in different star systems.
They're all coming
from the same ancestor
race which was completely
different in their appearance
but still in the end
product of them they all
were looking like humans.
And they have very
similar civilizations,
yet very significant
individual terms
have happened to
their civilizations
compared to this one.
>> EMERY: So is there a name
for these ETs that we may be
familiar with?
>> TIM: I don't have
a name for them.
So I don't know,
especially not in English,
how they are called.
I assume that they are called
by the names of their planets.
We learned that their
civilizations are
very similar to
ours, especially when
you compare 4 or 5 different
humanoid or human planets
in different star
systems, you can
see that they all
have cities, they all
have transportation systems,
they all cook their meals,
they eat similar food and
digest the same nutritions
and the same ingredients
compared to Earth humans.
And the evolution of
their bodies, there
are significant
differences in that way.
They are more advanced
in certain fields
but there are also fields where
they are less advanced compared
to humans on Earth.
>> EMERY: Do you have any
examples of what you just said?
>> TIM: So if we're talking
about one of the examples where
humans are much more advanced
compared to other humans across
the galaxy, then the warlike
nature of humans would be one
of it.
Technology would be one of it.
So basically, the stress and
chaos and all that difficulties
or the difficulties that
humans were facing on Earth
resulted in a high
degree of attraction
to technology and attraction
to warrior tools in that way.
So this is something that the
Earth humans are pretty keen on
compared to other species,
to other humans out there.
But then again, the
significant differences
are that other human planets
have a different more
organic approach towards food.
Their planets are not at all
messy and dirty and exploited.
But they have come to a
much better integrated
nature, a balance of nature
and their own civilization.
The way they tend to
organize their cities
is much more
effective in that way.
For me, I found it super
interesting that especially
the social cultural
ways of living together.
They even tend to remind me
of ancient Greece in that way.
Most of them are democracies,
interestingly enough.
They all have a one
planet government,
which is kind of interesting.
They balance out their
whole planetary government
by having very strong local
forms of democracy, which
is actually more or less
the model of ancient Greece
where you have all
these city-states
but also you have a
much larger concept
of what all these city-states
have to work together on.
So this is something that is
much more improved compared
to what's going on on Earth.
>> EMERY: What do we know
about their everyday life?
>> TIM: So all of them have art,
all of them have music which
seems to be something that all
human species have in common,
is their interest in creation
and artistic features
and artistic behavior, which
has also been found in other
primates in that way.
So if you give a
keyboard to a chimpanzee,
you will see that he's trying
to make music out of it.
So all of them have that.
I've never come
across a sample, which
I'm very curious
of because I assume
that it might sound very
differently compared
to what we have on Earth.
But I also think
that Earth music went
through so many stages
of cultural evolution
that I would even say it's
much more messy on this planet
but probably we have
a lot more variety
in musical sense in that way.
But I don't know.
They do have professions
so this is something
that also seems to be special
and typical to ape races
in that way, that they all
specialize on something.
They share their missions
and they share their task,
but the difference is
that on this planet,
we have a much more
systematic way of including
people in pre-organized
structures
which is actually pretty bad.
So we put people into jobs
that they don't actually feel.
And what we see is that
most of these other planets
have really found a great
way in order to bring out
the most out of each
human, which is for me one
of the number one
priorities that we
need to achieve on
this planet as well
because this is the way that
the planetary system strives.
So the whole governmental
system on their planet
is actually focused on bringing
people into whatever passion
their heart holds.
And this is where
they strive and where
they kind of evolve into.
>> EMERY: Are these beings from
Cassiopeia more advanced than
us or similar to our own
level of advancement?
>> TIM: So interestingly enough,
I would say that technology
wise, and this is something
that humans automatically think
about when they say
are we more evolved,
they automatically think do
we have the better technology,
do we have the better tools.
I would say this
focus on technology
and tools makes Earth humans
pretty advanced compared
to any other human
species in the galaxy.
And they acknowledged that.
But what most people
don't think of
is the cultural
and social system.
And I would say
that this planet is
really rough in
that way compared
to other systems out there.
And the advantages
and benefits that
come from a cleaned-up
social dynamic
is incredible because you bring
the whole planetary system
to a peaceful state
of mind and to a very
organized and
well-adjusted focused
way of working together.
And that cannot be replicated
by any means by what we have
on this planet.
>> EMERY: Have the beings from
Cassiopeia come to visit us
on Earth?
And is there some exchange
program between us?
>> TIM: Well, we had a
civilization 15,000 years ago
that was way more advanced
than social system that we have
nowadays before the last shift
which resulted in the flood.
And those civilizations actually
went off planet, partially
went off planet.
And we still know that they
have integrated into other star
systems as well,
and they have always
kept a communication back
to this planet in some way
and kept their eye on
them, on us on this planet.
So what we know is
that there is indeed
a very clear exchange between
certain groups of their planets
and certain groups
on this planet,
and there is also an
exchange and an effort
in order to help each other.
>> EMERY: When you say they're
interacting with certain groups
on our planet, can you
identify who those groups are?
>> TIM: From what we know
is that the US military is
especially communicating with
those civilizations out there.
And there's also
an effort in order
to bring their knowledge
and their learnings back
to this planet actually.
And this is actually
what we have called
or what is called
Project Cassiopeia.
And this is especially
around one particular point,
which is the tribal nature
of the human society.
I want to elaborate on that.
So what we know is that
all these human species
come from one far away relative
that have founded civilizations
all across the universe.
But there was also this
kind of thing intermingling
with other species that
have placed certain sample
groups around the planet.
For example, we know that
certain sample groups
originated in India, in Africa,
in America, in the Americas,
for example.
And this is what
the so-called-- what
we call the tribal nature
of humanity resulted in.
And we've seen that
these tribal nature that
also have different skin types,
different outer appearances
that this has led to
a lot of confusion
and a lot of conflict on
planet Earth, especially.
And still at this point
of time, the species
has not overcome that actually.
But we have also seen the
same or similar dynamics
on different other
planets as well.
And they have had their sample
groups integrated, their tribes
integrated much, much
better compared to what
happened on this planet.
>> EMERY: I mean, aside from
being humanoid somewhat like
us, can you be more specific?
And do they have the
diversity of groups
that we have here on Earth?
>> TIM: When we take the overall
species or tribes civilizations
all across the galaxy,
then I would say yes,
there is at least the
same amount of diversity.
But what you also see that
different planets might
have a much lower form
of diversity in that way.
Still, they have found a way
to socially integrate that,
and that also reminds me a lot
of ancient Greece in that way
because they found a way in
order to set all their mindsets
into a one planetary
system, yet still remaining
their unique features of their
tribes and sample groups.
So what we've seen
on this planet,
actually, so if I, for
example, go back in history
and take the sample group
that originated in India,
then we've seen that
those people from India
in the Germanic tribes they
got into war and into conflict
and went all the way through
Russia and ended up in Europe.
And they never have
overcome and integrated
that trauma in some way.
We still have a lot of
conflict between the tribes
that are now in
Germany and tribes
in different other
places in the world.
Even if it did
not result in war,
still there's some
tension around it.
So what we see in
those other planets
is that they have integrated
that in a more playful way.
So they send out, for example,
a representative of their tribes
and they have all these
kind of plays or games
together where it's almost
like a form of football match
or soccer match or something
where they all come together
and they are celebrating
their tribe in that way.
But they also know that they are
all one family on this planet,
and when the game is over,
they have no problem in order
to give shake hands and
exchange hugs in that way, which
is beautiful.
>> EMERY: Can you offer
me a physical description
of the beings from Cassiopeia?
>> TIM: I actually don't
know because, well,
I've never seen one of them.
So the description is that
they're much like surface Earth
humans as well.
They seem to have light skin.
They have similar
light eye colors
and no one would even
recognize if one of them
would be in one of the major
cities around this planet.
>> EMERY: Did you learn anything
about their concept of what we
call love in their
relationships over there?
>> TIM: Oh, yeah, pretty much.
So it seems as if
their families are
structured very similar to
what we know on this planet.
So it's basically a
two-sided relationship.
They tend to have one
or, at max, two babies
because we see
there's a tendency
that the better the
social system works,
the lower the ratio of babies
and that is true for them
as well.
But what we see is-- and
they love intensively.
So they have family
relationships just as much
as humans do on this planet.
And I have no doubt that
humans could pair with them
and produce mixed babies.
The only significant
difference I see
is that they use their
social system in order
to integrate and care for
their babies much more,
which I like because humans
actually come evolutionary--
well, a lot from them
comes from bonobo apes
and they have this very
intense family connection
to their babies.
Everyone in their
tribe in the huts
is actually taking
care of those babies.
So babies in those
primate structures
are very much integrated
in the social group.
And the problem that we
have on this planet actually
is that someone from
outside very malevolently
introduced a school
system onto this society
where things are
educated and forced
into children that,
well, might not
be benevolent to the whole
as much as it should be.
And also the way that
they sit all day around
and get all this information
into their brains
does not really--
there's not much love
and passion and interest
that comes from the system
on Earth into human babies.
And we don't have
that in other places
where the social
structure actually takes
care of the babies much more
and tries to educate them
on rules on how to
behave but also in order
to become the most
productive and best human
for their society.
>> EMERY: Do they communicate
telepathically or through words
and language like we do?
>> TIM: Well, they combine that.
So they combine telepathic
elements and vocal sounds.
So vocal sounds
is something that
is very typical to
primates in general.
They all seem to use
vocal sounds in order
to communicate with each
other and they do so as well.
But they also enrich
their vocal sounds
with psionic abilities
which increases
the amount of information that
is communicated from person A
to person B.
>> EMERY: What else can you tell
us about some of their unique
technologies?
>> TIM: So one thing that the
advanced military is concerned
about is that the social
structure on planet Earth is
so incohesive.
So we have all this
trouble and conflict
across all the different
tribes on the surface,
and it seems to be issues
with the administration
as well because
there's so much debate
and we see that
decision-making is delayed for,
well, statistically
over seven years
in different parts
of Earth, actually.
So if you have an incident
that needs a decision,
then we see that it
takes several years
until administrative
and governmental systems
and structures
can react to that.
But one of the major concerns
is that all these tribes
and the tribal history
is problematic.
So what advanced military,
especially the US military,
would love to see
is that there's
some kind of learning from the
tribal nature and integration
that those humans have
underwent compared
to what's going on Earth.
And they are actually
using a technology
that utilizes some of the
physics and physical phenomena
of the quantum well, which
is called quantum mirroring.
So we need to imagine that
everything in the universe
is actually quantum information.
So you can actually
take information
from one point of the universe
and copy it and actually
paste it onto another location
of the quantum universe
and then you can
watch and observe
how this integrates
into their world.
And this is something
that they would actually
like to do in order to
bring this stability
around this tribal nature and
their administrative features
onto Earth.
>> EMERY: What more can you tell
us about the quantum mirroring?
>> TIM: So basically, everything
that we perceive in this world
is some kind of
fluctuation in that way.
And it's information
on a quantum level.
So you can analyze
that fluctuation
and those information that
are unique to one location
and just extract this pattern.
And if you use really
huge generators that
would bring in certain radiation
onto a certain different other
location in the
quantum world, you
could paste these
information onto this field.
It's comparable I would say if,
well, very much lowered down
to simple form of
if you have plans
and you, for example, play
music to certain plants.
And I mean, a lot of people
have done these experiments,
that when you apply, for
example, classic music,
classical music to plants,
they will grow differently.
>> EMERY: Is quantum mirroring
being applied to humanity
at this time?
>> TIM: Well, as much
as I'm aware of and from
the information
that I have, yes,
it's been going on right
now and it's been used--
it's using huge wave generators
in that way in order to bring
the specific frequency and
information onto the field that
we inhabit right now.
>> EMERY: How do we know if
this is positively applied
as opposed to keeping us a more
limited framework of growth?
>> TIM: I could not think of
any disadvantages or malevolent
issues that it could cause.
And it's not guaranteed that
the results will actually
be the way that people want
it to be because it's actually
just giving information
into a field and each one
and every one of us has to
integrate this information.
So it's more or less
like a radio or radiation
therapy in that way.
So it's bringing
frequencies and radiation
to place, information
to a place,
and everyone has to
integrate these new realities
and these new subtle influences
into their own being.
And hopefully the
new information
will lead us to a
world where we can
have a better organized
administration,
a quicker system, a balance
between technology and nature,
and also a spiritual
connection to our tribes,
to our fellow humans,
and to nature in general.
>> EMERY: If this is currently
going on between us and them,
do you foresee a time where
there's an open integration
of both our worlds
since we're so similar?
>> TIM: Well, that's an
interesting question.
So first of all, I would
say that there is also--
there is an integration of
their worlds into our worlds
and vice versa but it's
not been done publicly.
From the plants
that I've seen, I
would say that
humans, well, beings
that look like
humans, Earth humans,
are very likely to be
among the first beings,
extraterrestrial nature
that are being introduced
to the human society.
But also because we have a
possibility or probability
to make people aware of the
dangers that could occur
outside of this planet,
there's also probability
that more exotic
alien type of aliens
are actually among the first
that are being reported.
So if we're talking
about integration
on a positive exchange
and a strategic exchange,
we see that these humans that
look like humans are actually
already on this planet and
already are doing very closely
work together with other
governmental people
and military people.
So there's an exchange
between those cultures.
And we do see that but
it's not publicly made.
>> EMERY: Are they only working
within government structures
or are they trying to integrate
into society to see how that
works?
>> TIM: No.
So at the moment, we only
see them come together
in certain strategic
roundtable meetings
and giving input around this
very intense phase of shifting
that is going on currently.
Because they also have
an interest in order
to have Earth as a very
strong ally in that way.
So if you're talking about
disclosure, then I've seen
plans that it could either go
option A or option B. Option
A would be very
closely related beings,
humans in that way that
still have some features that
make them clearly
non-terrestrial,
like different eyes
or ears or something,
that they would
expose themselves
to the public in that way.
Or option B would
be a staged incident
where we become aware of more
exotic alien type of aliens
in order to increase the
awareness of possible dangers
outside of the planet.
>> EMERY: Are you aware of
anything in the plans that
suggest there will be an open
communication and disclosure
of these beings to our
society as a whole?
>> TIM: Well, I'm aware
of the plans of what kind
of an exchange program which
seems to be going on already.
So there are people recruited
more openly than ever before
in order to go off planet and
meet those different humans.
So there's a chance that
this will increase over time.
So I think that is one of the,
well, the interesting things
that could occur to us soon.
>> EMERY: Is the civilization
from Cassiopeia part
of a greater Galactic Federation
who wants to integrate more
openly with humankind?
>> TIM: So as much as I know,
all these human societies are
well-integrated into different
other Galactic Federations.
I've said that before, there
are much more alliances
than just one because
there are different levels
and layers to that.
But I would say that every
human society out there
has an interest in other human
societies for obvious reasons,
but they also are very
well-integrated into a much
more broader context.
>> EMERY: To conclude
this episode, Tim,
what do you look forward to most
in relation to the beings from
Cassiopeia from what you
know about them and a future
relationship with Earth?
>> TIM: So I'm all about the
social dynamics of different
species.
That's the scientific
field that I
come from, governance,
topics, objectives.
So I would be quite happy to
see the integration of all
these learnings that I've
read about on this planet
because when I zoom out of
Earth, I see a lot of chaos
and a lot of messy components
that needs to be addressed
and needs to be improved on.
So that would be something.
And I would also
say because I know
there's a lot of discussion
about one world governments
and a lot of discussion
about changes,
and even though I went
through experiences
of where I would say there
is some malevolent component
to the nature of humans as well,
which is kind of unfortunate,
I would say that changes
are not always bad.
are pretty much neutral
and it's upon us and everyone
to integrate those things.
So I don't always
agree with everyone
who says like we don't have
to have a one world government
or something.
We see through the
different planets
that this can very much work.
In fact, we've seen that
any structure and any system
can work if you put the right
intent and intentions into it.
So it's not about the
system in that way,
it's much more about
each of us in order
to make this a happy and
well-structured society.
>> EMERY: Tim, thank you so
much for being on the show.
It's always great having you.
>> TIM: Thank you
again for having me.
>> EMERY: I'm Emery Smith and
this is Cosmic Disclosure.
Until next time.
[THEME MUSIC]